What's going on, YouTube? It's your boy
King Red Diamonds. It's 2026
and you know what time it is. It's Neo3,
baby. So, let's get into it. Um, today
I'm going to be going over pretty much
my thoughts on the game, giving you guys
some, you know, tips and tricks here and
there and stuff. Pretty much getting
back to what I usually do with my Neo
videos. Um, build videos obviously will
be coming later on once I get a little
further along in the story. I think
right now I'm out of the first region.
Um, I completed all those missions, so
I'm around like level 60 or so getting
into the next region. But, um, I'm just
going to go over a few things, um, to
help people who are maybe new to the
series, as well as, um, give you my
thoughts, um, for returning players as
well. So, I hope you guys enjoy. Make
sure you like, comment, and subscribe. I
appreciate you guys so much for the
support. Um, Neo3, let's get into it.
So, um, got some background gameplay.
you can enjoy that while I just ramble
on. You guys know I love to talk. But um
for my initial play through and g and
and experience with the game right now,
I'm having fun. Obviously, it's a Team
Ninja product. You know, I'm a huge Team
Ninja fan. So, um I'm having fun.
Obviously, there are going to be certain
aspects of the game that do need a
little work here and there, but I'm
pretty sure that those will be fixed up,
you know, later on in later patches and
stuff like that, so I don't have to
worry too much. Team Ninja usually comes
through with their patches, so I'm not
really too worried about it. Um, outside
of that, it's a very fun game. Um, I've
heard a lot of people and seen a lot of
stuff online people saying like it's the
easiest out of the Neos. Um, I won't
discount that. I won't say it's not, but
I won't say it is. It's a Neo product.
It's a Team Ninja product. So,
obviously, there is difficulty involved.
Um, if you have an easier time with this
game than you than the last game, I
mean, what can I say? That's just that's
everybody's personal experience, so I
can't discount that. Um with my personal
experience um seeing as is it is
literally the first playthrough. It is
the first playthrough. People are pretty
much judging the game on its new game
and not new game plus. And you know if
you've played Neo and Neo 2, you know
that the game has like five to six new
games and then it has like another
difficulty version such as depths from
Neo2 and stuff. Uh, so, um, judging the
game based off his initial playthrough
as it being the easiest, I don't really
think that's something you should do.
But again, that's everybody's personal
experience. So, I'm not going to
discount that. I won't take that away
from anybody. Speaking for myself
though, I'm not going to discount it.
I'm not going to say, "Oh, it's the
easiest." It's literally the first
playthrough. Um, it's the new game, so
um, obviously it's going to be a bit
easier than it would be. Um, especially
coming from Neo2 when you have beat the
game and you're in depths and everything
in depths hits so hard, you're probably
used to, you know, super powerful
enemies at this point. So, coming into
Neo3, which is a new game, um, it may
seem as though bosses are easier. I've
died a lot. Um, in the background
gameplay, you can see particularly this
boss, I died about four or five, maybe
even six times. So, um, I'm not going to
sit here and lie and be like, "Oh, yeah,
it's super." No, it's not. It's still a
Neo product. It's still a Team Ninja
product. Um, it's going to be difficult.
You're going to lose a lot. So, um, I am
going to say I am having a lot of fun.
Um, seeing as, uh, Team Ninja has
released a lot of games in between Neo3
coming up. You can see the
culmination of everything they've worked
on in Neo3. Neo3 is literally Team
Ninja's culmination of every project
they've worked on since Neo2 came out.
Um, you can tell in how the game plays,
especially if you're still playing Neo2
or you just came from playing Neo2
straight into this. You can see um where
they pulled a lot of their inspiration
from the game mechanics and stuff from U
Rise of Ronin, which was very fun. I
love that game. Um, it didn't receive
the the love that I felt like it should
have. It's very fun game. Um, you can
definitely see aspects of that game in
Neo 2. Um, you also have um Ninja
Gaiden. Ninja Gaiden, you can clearly
see aspects of Ninja Giden Neo2 100%.
Um, Lolong, you can see aspects of
Lolong from Neo2 as from from Neo3 as
well. Um, they literally everything that
Team Ninja has put out since is all
culminated into Neo3. And you can tell
Neo3 is set up so that not only older
and recurring players from the series
can enjoy, but also for newer players
who aren't really familiar with the
series. A lot of newer players who are
used to, you know, their souls likes,
elder rings, secures, bloodbors, uh,
darks, all those, they may migrate over
to this game because they see it as an
RPG. They tried the, um, they've now
expanded Neo2 to more of an open world
feel rather than blocking it to specific
levels and you just pretty much
progressing levels as you go. It's more
of an open world feel. So, uh, you want
to explore and, you know, go all over
the place. You don't want to just like,
uh, do the main missions. You want to do
the side missions. You want to go and
discover new techniques and everything
you can pick up. And it's a lot to do.
So, they they're definitely trying to
hit every um, demographic of gamer,
especially RPG gamers, with this game.
And, in my opinion, they're doing a good
job. Um, this is not biased either. This
is me purely speaking to you guys as a
gamer who has played a lot of openw
world RPGs and all that stuff. I've
played Elder Ring. I've beaten Elder
Ring's, you know, new game plus like
seven and all. I've done all that. Um,
I've played Bloodborne, beat Bloodborne.
I've played all of these games. So,
coming to you guys not biased, but
purely as a gamer, I can see the love
and the work they put into this game to
make it feel good for recurring players
as well as newer players. Um, newer
players will enjoy the game simply
because it's something different. The
combat system, Team Ninja is known for
its combat system. They're known for it.
So, it's pretty much like again like um
a Soulslike game, but its combat is a
bit more fleshed out. A lot of Soulslike
games, they have a basic combat system.
They have regular, they have a a series
of attacks that is usually tied to every
single weapon, and they have a dodge um
and you know, it's like a pretty much
like a roll rather than a dodge. They
have parries, but their parries um
require a bit more timing. So, with this
game, parries do require timing. You
have to be on point. It's more
fast-paced. The combat system is a bit
more advanced. So, um, again, it it
helps with recurring players who are
pretty much who come from the Neo and
Team Ninja world to still be able to,
you know, do their combos, have their
very deep combat mechanics and stuff
down, but it also helps with newer
players. Um, because it explains to you,
okay, it puts everything in front of you
saying, okay, maybe use this technique,
you can use this technique for this
situation, you can use this for this
situation. It's It's making the game a
bit more accessible for all types of
gamers rather than just sticking to the
hardcore. And I respect that. I
understand because you want to bring
newer people into the fold. You don't
want to just exclude certain
demographics of gamers. You want
everybody to enjoy. So, they tried their
best to put in as much as they could for
newer and older players. Um, skipping
past that. um the game it feels
it feels um how could I say it feels
nostalgic but also different um simply
because of one aspect of the game that
they added from the Neo series. You can
now jump. So, um, jumping has changed
this game completely from what it
became, what it was. Um, simply because
a lot of the mechanics and controls that
I'm used to from Neo 2 and Neo1, they
are they're the same, but they're
different. You know, Neo 2, they had um
burst counters. In this game, we have uh
burst breaks or uh like they're they're
counters like pretty much like burst
counters, but they're different, you
know. Um they also like again they have
the jump feature where in Neo there was
no jumping. There was no jumping. You
could not platform really. Neo was
straightforward just you know find a
different path to get to higher ground
and all that. There was no um jumping to
get up to a higher ground. No, you know
um spirit veins to use a a specific
technique to get across a vast gap and
stuff. It's It's a lot of different
things in this game and I honestly I
love that they're trying new things. You
don't want to get the same product. A
lot of people always get stuck on, oh,
this game was better than this game.
It's a different game. If you got the
same thing that you got last game, you
would complain that it's the same. You
would say, oh, it's the same. Nothing's
changed. But now that you got something
different, you feel as though, oh, I
don't know how I feel about this
different mechanic. Enjoy the game.
That's all I can say about that. Just
enjoy the game. Have fun with it. Um,
don't try to rely don't try to listen
too much on like critiques of like the
the tiniest things. It's okay. You don't
have to worry about it. Just play the
game how you want to play it. That's
what I'm doing. Like right now, I'm
taking my time. I'm pretty sure it's
people who finished this game already,
like finished the first initial
playthrough and done everything and all
this stuff. I don't care about any of
that. I'm taking my time. I'm enjoying
the game. And the reason I'm doing so is
for you guys. I want to know as much
about this game as possible. I want to
be as informed as I can because that is
what my channel is based on. My channel
is based on giving information, giving
guides, helping players pretty much get
the most out of the game. I want you to
enjoy it as much as I am. So, I'm going
to go through the I'm going to do the
tedious work for you guys. That way when
it comes to me making videos for you,
you can just come watch my video, get it
done, and go on whatever you're doing.
Okay? So, um, don't worry about too much
of the critiques and stuff. It's a very
fun game. I recommend it for anyone who
wants to get into it. Anybody who's new
to it, I recommend it 100%. Play the
game, have fun on the game. Um, but
outside of that, um, I'll come out with
more guide videos later on. I just want
to get my initial thoughts out um
because it has been a while since I made
a video and I did want to wait for the
full game to come out. Um so I do
appreciate um all the supporter stuff.
Um again, my initial thoughts, this is a
fun game, very very fun. I have videos
coming out soon for guides and tips and
stuff. Build videos will come later on,
especially once I get later on in the
game cuz you know my mantra. I don't
like making builds in early game. I
don't. It makes no sense to do so.
you're going to run out of materials and
then once you get to late game and you
don't have enough materials, you're
going to be stuck and you're just going
to be like, "Oh my god, I can't make the
deal that I want because I don't have
the materials." I never make early game
builds. Um, I only make builds for when
I'm getting to like new game plus and
stuff. Fresh game, new game. You don't
want to make a build. You just want to
save as much as possible. Just use the
gear they give you. Um, because a lot of
the times you're going to run out of
like level gear and you're going to be
underleveled. Um, a lot of this game,
Neo in general, is about your level,
your gear level, and um, your weapon
levels. Like, it doesn't matter about
the special effects truly in the early
game. It's all about how high your gear
level is. Um, right now, again, I am
around level 60 or so. So, at the stage
I am in the game, I'm doing a lot of
damage to enemies because I'm not
worried about my gear as much. I'm
worried about my stats more often. My
stats are pretty decent, especially my
um attack stat and stuff. My gear is
always I always equip the highest level
gear I have at the time simply because
again, your gear matters more than
anything. So, you don't have to worry
about putting together a build. Just
make sure your gears is together,
weapons, all that. Make sure you're
using the highest level gear you can
get. Don't worry about trying to make a
build right now. You don't need to do
that. This is Neo. they're going to have
DLC. There's going to be more
difficulties to play. You want to save
everything. So, um, that's pretty much
it for me. Um, appreciate you guys. Stay
tuned for more videos. Um, so yeah, you
know, I'll have the builds and all that
guides and stuff for you sooner or
later. But appreciate it again, guys.
It's great damage. I'm out of here.
